[Music]
okay picture yourself suddenly losing
all connections with your friends family
and even your colleagues and now imagine
that you've done that on purpose went
away settled on a desert island and are
now living alone there that bright cider
is the life of a hermit and here's how
they really live Christopher Knight also
known as North Pond hermit born 1965
Knight was born at the end of the baby
boom but was never really happy at the
age of 20 he went to complete isolation
and built himself a ramshackle Hut in
the forests of Maine it could have been
alright if not for one issue he was
living off other campers who stayed
nearby stealing their things he went on
that way for a surprisingly long time no
one could find and catch him until 2013
when he was finally apprehended by the
police they were shocked when they saw
his camp completely made of stolen stuff
agafia likova born 1944 agafia's parents
moved to the siberian wilds in 1937 and
isolated themselves from everyone seven
years later they gave birth to their
daughter and so she'd never been among
other people in her entire life
their first meeting with other human
beings since then occurred in the 1970s
since her father carp passed away in
1988 agafia has lived in the homestead
alone with her two pets a cat and a dog
she has a wooden house in which he
survives using her own two hands cuts
wood for the fireplace brings water from
the river and hunts for food in November
2019 she met her last remaining relative
whom she had only known by his letters
Valerio resetti 1898 to 1952 valerio's
life was full of mishaps and misery he
was born and first lived in Sun de l'eau
Italy and was an apprentice stonemason
at the age of 17 he migrated to
Australia there resetti worked at
several venues but eventually was left
penniless and heartbroken without even a
coat which had been his last valuable
possession and was stolen from him he
ended up walking to a cave in Griffith
New South Wales and made it his new home
he hid from other people and only worked
to provide for himself as well as expand
and decorate his dwelling today the
hermits cave is part of the official
Australian heritage Noah John Rondo 1883
1967 having escaped from home as a
teenager and worked as a labourer for 15
years Rondo finally found his piece in
the Adirondack Mountains in New York at
the age of 46
he ran from civilization and settled in
the area of the cold river there he
found his own cold river city of which
he was self-proclaimed mayor he built
several huts there and even a small
animal farm he was a well-known hermit
and there are several books dedicated to
him Sergei
born 1985 sergei lives as a hermit and
guardian of an old and forgotten
monastery 60 miles from Chisinau moldova
he found the place 17 years ago when he
was 18 himself he lived there for two
weeks and like the peace and quiet so
much that he started visiting it more
and more often he isn't really living
the life of hermitage returning to the
big city now and then for work but he
spends most of his time in the village
of Sai povo nearby which is all but
deserted Masafumi Nagasaki born 1936
until 2018 Nagasaki lived on a deserted
tropical island of sodor binary and had
done so since 1989 not much is known
about his life prior to moving to his
Hermitage according to a journalist who
told the rest of the world about
Nagasaki he used to be married and
worked in a factory in Osaka Japan but
urban life never appealed to him that's
why he conceived a plan to move to some
secluded place one day
and he succeeded for 29 years he managed
to live a life free of the bonds of
civilization walking around stark naked
and enjoying it until in 2018 sadly he
had to return to mainland Japan to
recover now he's not allowed to go back
to his lovely island paradise because of
his health Barry
Edgar Pilcher born 1943 British poet and
saxophone player Pilcher lived on a
secluded island of Irish free for 20
years before returning to mainland
Ireland in 2013 he hadn't been a proper
recluse at first his wife and daughter
had kept him company but soon they
couldn't stand such a lonesome way of
life any longer so they decided to visit
the husband and father instead of living
with him all the time so for the most
part Pilcher spent his days alone and
was eventually dubbed the loneliest man
in Ireland David glass she born 1945
glassine was born in Australia and in
the 1980s he actually made quite a
fortune playing on the stock market his
capital peaked at about 30 million but
then in 1987 the stock market that fed
and clothed him collapsed and David sank
with it broke and with no escape he was
lucky to meet a woman from Zimbabwe with
whom they learned of a secluded Island
not far away and moved there together
plotting to build a tourist spot and get
rich again the idea didn't catch on
though David's friend left him and
eventually he stayed there alone for two
decades finding simple joy in his life
of a recluse
zowie Lucas born 1950 Zoey first came to
Sable Island Canada in 1971 as a student
she says she came there for horses
originally there were around 400 of them
living on the island and then seven
years later she moved there forever
overall Zoey spent more than 40 years
absolutely alone with only the horses
seals and birds keeping her company and
she's never been happier Zoe is a
naturalist and a well known one at that
she doesn't need to hunt for food or
make her own home there are old
buildings left on the island that she
occupies and a ferry comes in every two
weeks with supplies so that she could
survive
Arthur Leslie Darwin 1879 to 1977 as
true a Herman as it gets
Darwin moved to the ILA map aciem key in
1945 built a Hut and stayed there for
the rest of his days he made his own
clothes had a little rabbit farm of his
own and grew vegetables in his small
backyard he didn't have neither running
water nor electricity to begin with just
what nature gave him in fact the
territory he settled on belonged to the
system of Everglades National Park in
Florida so he had to fight in court for
his right to stay there eventually
he won a lifetime tenure waiving the
rights to the land but being allowed to
remain on the island for as long as he
liked man for Ag innate eager 1936 to
2002 not much is known about Manfred or
simply man as he liked to be called
before he arrived at a small village of
Camile in Spain he came there in 1964
and according to local reports was
well-dressed and equally well-educated
Manfred lived there for a few years just
like others but with time he drew apart
from the rest of the villagers
eventually settling on the beach the
ocean brought driftwood and other things
from which Manfred built curious
sculptures these works of art as well as
manfred books made him rather famous
Willard Kitchener MacDonald 1916 to 2004
MacDonald was one of the longest-lived
Hermits of the 20th century in 1944 he
jumped the train that was taking him
from Canada to the US and settled in a
lonely hut on the shores of gulley Lake
Nova Scotia there he spent over sixty
years in complete isolation living off
the land and writing books to entertain
himself he even made a guitar in 2003 a
forest fire brought down his house and
MacDonald had to move to a cabin built
for him soon after he escaped to the
woods again and remained there until his
passing away in 2004 Tom leper 1935 to
2016 the strangest Hermant by far tom
leopard or the leopard man was covered
completely in leopard spot tattoos he
confessed that he actually had no
spiritual connection to leopards the
spots were just the simplest thing to
draw for tattoo artists after a rich and
eventful life in England he moved to a
remote hut on the island of Skye in
Scotland and stayed there for 20 years
as a hermit he didn't explain his
decision to anyone but became a local
curiosity in the 2000s he received the
title of the most tattooed male senior
citizen by Guinness World Records oh and
by the way Herman's Hermits was a
musical group in the 60s and from what
we can tell
never ever lived off the land by
themselves so that clears that up hey if
you learn something new today then give
the video a like and share it with a
friend and here are some other videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right
and remember stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you